fix: allow root assets to have non-unique names (#2226)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/changelog.rst

Bugfixes
-----------

> * Allow multiple root assets to share the same name, while keeping asset names unique among children of the same parent [see `PR #XXXX <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/XXXX>`_]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow multiple root assets to share the same name, while keeping asset names unique among children of the same parent [see `PR #2226 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2226>`_]
```

> * Allow multiple root assets to share the same name, while keeping asset names unique among children of the same parent [see `PR #2226 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2226>`_]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow root assets belonging to different accounts to share the same name, while keeping asset names unique among root assets within the same account and among children of the same parent [see `PR #2226 <https://www.github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/2226>`_]
```
